[Music]
hello and welcome to another episode of
movie spoiler alerts today we're talking
about the 1967 comedy-drama film The
Graduate so let's get started in 1967 21
year-old Benjamin Braddock has earned
his bachelor's degree in his returning
home during his graduation party mrs.
Robinson the wife of his father's law
partner insists that he drives her home
where she makes it clear that she is
available to him a few days later he
organizes a tryst at the Taft hotel and
spends the remainder of his summer
having an affair with mrs. Robinson at
the hotel by night mr. Robinson and
Benjamin's parents encourage them to
date the Robinsons his daughter Elaine
however mrs. Robinson forbids it
Benjamin is pressured and takes Elaine
on a date sabotaging it by taking her to
a strip club after Elaine runs out of
the strip club in tears Benjamin has a
change of heart they wind up at the Taft
hotel where Elaine discovers that he has
been having an affair with a married
woman not realizing that it's her own
mother furious mrs. Robinson threatens
to tell Elaine her version of the affair
but Benjamin preempts her by telling
Elaine that the married woman was her
mother upset
Elaine returns to school Benjamin
pursues her after learning about the
affair mr. Robinson confronts Benjamin
and forces Elaine to drop out of college
and takes her away to marry a classmate
that choose briefly involved with
Benjamin goes through a series of events
to find where the wedding is taking
place and reaches the church just as
Elaine is about to be married they
escape the church together and though
initially elated they become uneasy as
they journey towards an uncertain future
so that was the spoilers for the
Graduate if you have another film you'd
like to see a spoil please let us know
in the comments below check out movie's
spoiler alerts on Instagram and remember
to Like and subscribe thanks for
watching